Abstract

This does now make a reasonable statement of the overall thesis being
explored.  That's great.  However, there are still omissions: most notably,
you say nothing about Scala, and don't say what Akka is.

 - Typo: "This thesis explores to what extent..." not "...what extend..."
Done.

 - Make it clear that you have built a new library "TAkka" in the Scala
   language on top of the existing Akka library, where Akka provides
   supervised actors and TAkka adds typed messaging.
Done.


Chapter 1

Make it clear that the target of the thesis is Scala, not Erlang.  You still
need to do this.  As with the abstract, I recommend that in Section 1.2 you
replace the (ungrammatical) sentence "Main research results are published as
the TAkka library..." with a statement about how your approach has been to
develop a library TAkka for Scala that builds on the existing Akka library for
supervised actors by the introduction of typed messaging.  This then leads
naturally into your more detailed paragraphs about TypeSafe, Scala 2.10, and
the applications you have rewritten.

Done.  Edited the first 3 paragraphs in Section 1.2.

There is also a grammatical error still uncorrected from the previous list:

p.4 "... are expanded from a companion paper..." not "expanded for".
Done.

Chapter 2

Good to see more on basic Scala, and the substantial section on other related
work.  

pp.37/38 Tables 2.7-2.9.  Add to the caption for each individual table that
these are taken from Cardelli+Gordon.
Done.  Also for Table 2.3 - 2.6

Some errors still need correction:

p.7 "This chapter..." not "This Chapter...".  Capitalise "chapter" only when
describing a specific numbered chapter, such as "Chapter 4".
Done.

p.15 "The alternatives of working with mutable states..." should be
"Alternatives to working with mutable states...".
Done.

p.25 "...should reacts failures of all user created actors." => "...should
react to failures of all user-created actors."
Done.

p.25 "... in subsequent chapters,..." not "..in subsequent Chapters,...".
Done.

Chapter 3

I see you have moved the piece on type pollution here from Chapter 5.

p.41 Use "expanded from" not "expanded for".  Also, it's Sections 3 and 4 of
He et al., not Chapter.
Done.

p.41 "The last chapter examined..." not "Last chapter examined...".
Done.

Chapter 4

p.88 Use "expanded from" not "expanded for".  Also, it's Section 5 of He et
al., not Chapter 5.
Done.


Chapter 5

p.91 Use "expanded from" not "expanded for".  Also, it's Sections 6, 7 and 8
of He et al., not Chapters. 
Done.

The introductory paragraph needs rewriting: it still refers to type pollution,
which has now moved to Chapter 3.
Done.

p.81 Fig.5.7.  Add to the caption from this a note that it is taken from
Cesarini.
Done.  p93 Fig. 5.1  The ATM example.

Chapter 6

This should be titled "Summary and Future Work" now that it incorporates the
material previously in Chapter 7.
Done.

You also need to revise the final sentence of the opening paragraph "This
chapter...concludes." to make appropriate mention of the section on future
work.
Done.

Similarly, you need to revise the arrangement of Section 6.1.2.  This is about
the library evaluation framework but still includes discussion of the type
pollution problem, which is now in Chapter 3 on TAkka design.  I recommend you
break this into a separate subsection between 6.1.1 and 6.1.2, focusing only
on preventing type pollution.
Done.  Move the paragraph on type pollution to 6.1.1.


Appendix A

It's good to see this.  However, I couldn't find any reference in the thesis
itself to tell the reader that this exists.  You need to put in comments
referring to Appendix A.

 - In Section 2.4: The Akka Library.  Point out that the Akka API is detailed
   in Appendix A.
Done.  Add the following to the start of Section 2.4

“Akka API used in this thesis is listed in Figure A.1, Appendix A.”

 - At the start of Chapter 3.  When you are discussing TAkka being built on
   top of Akka, refer to Appendix A and explain that this shows the API for
   both libraries.

Done.  Add the following to the start of Chapter 3

“The latest TAkka API and its companion Akka
API (version 2.1.4) are given in Appendix A.”


Appendix B

Please add some opening text to explain why this appendix is here --- at the
moment you don't even say that it is you who wrote the Scala Join library.
You already have a brief description on page 31 where you refer to Appendix B,
so could repeat that at the start of the appendix itself.  I also don't quite
understand the relationship between your Scala Join library and the Scala
Joins library (with an -s) of Haller.  Do you reuse his code?  The numbering
seems odd to me --- Haller's Joins is at version 0.4, and your Join is at
version 0.3 --- can you explain this?

Done.  Explained in the start of the Appendix.